101.A solutions architect is designing a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC and subnets use IPv4 CIDR blocks. There is one public subnet and one private subnet in each of three Availability Zones (AZs) for high availability. An internet gateway is used to provide internet access for the public subnets. The private subnets require access to the internet to allow Amazon EC2 instances to download software updates.
What should the solutions architect do to enable Internet access for the private subnets?
A. Create three NAT gateways, one for each public subnet in each AZ. Create a private route table for each AZ that forwards non-VPC traffic to the NAT gateway in its AZ.

102.A company wants to migrate an on-premises data center to AWS. The data center hosts an SFTP server that stores its data on an NFS-based file system. The server holds 200 GB of data that needs to be transferred. The server must be hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance that uses an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to automate this task? (Choose two.) 
 A. Launch the EC2 instance into the same Availability Zone as the EFS file system.
B. Install an AWS DataSync agent in the on-premises data center.

103.A company has an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job that runs every day at the same time. The job processes XML data that is in an Amazon S3 bucket. New data is added to the S3 bucket every day. A solutions architect notices that AWS Glue is processing all the data during each run.
What should the solutions architect do to prevent AWS Glue from reprocessing old data? 
A. Edit the job to use job bookmarks. 

104.A solutions architect must design a highly available infrastructure for a website. The website is powered by Windows web servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The solutions architect must implement a solution that can mitigate a large-scale DDoS attack that originates from thousands of IP addresses. Downtime is not acceptable for the website.
Which actions should the solutions architect take to protect the website from such an attack? (Choose two.) 
A. Use AWS Shield Advanced to stop the DDoS attack.
C. Configure the website to use Amazon CloudFront for both static and dynamic content. 

105.A company is preparing to deploy a new serverless workload. A solutions architect must use the principle of least privilege to configure permissions that will be used to run an AWS Lambda function. An Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule will invoke the function.
Which solution meets these requirements? 
D. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and Service: events.amazonaws.com as the principal.

106.A company is preparing to store confidential data in Amazon S3. For compliance reasons, the data must be encrypted at rest. Encryption key usage must be logged for auditing purposes. Keys must be rotated every year.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient? 
D. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) with automatic rotation 

107.A bicycle sharing company is developing a multi-tier architecture to track the location of its bicycles during peak operating hours. The company wants to use these data points in its existing analytics platform. A solutions architect must determine the most viable multi-tier option to support this architecture. The data points must be accessible from the REST API.
Which action meets these requirements for storing and retrieving location data? 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway with Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics.

108.A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in a database on Amazon RDS. When an automobile is sold, the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data must be sent to multiple target systems.
Which design should a solutions architect recommend?
A. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to send the information to an Amazon Simple
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for the targets to consume.

109.A company needs to store data in Amazon S3 and must prevent the data from being changed. The company wants new objects that are uploaded to Amazon S3 to remain unchangeable for a nonspecific amount of time until the company decides to modify the objects. Only specific users in the company's AWS account can have the ability 10 delete the objects.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
D. Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled. Enable versioning. Add a legal hold to the objects. Add the s3:PutObjectLegalHold permission to the IAM policies of users who need to delete the objects. 

110.A social media company allows users to upload images to its website. The website runs on Amazon EC2 instances. During upload requests, the website resizes the images to a standard size and stores the resized images in Amazon S3. Users are experiencing slow upload requests to the website.
The company needs to reduce coupling within the application and improve website performance. A solutions architect must design the most operationally efficient process for image uploads.
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
B. Configure the web server to upload the original images to Amazon S3.
D. Configure S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when an image is uploaded. Use the function to resize the image.

111.A company recently migrated a message processing system to AWS. The system receives messages into an ActiveMQ queue running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Messages are processed by a consumer application running on Amazon EC2. The consumer application processes the messages and writes results to a MySQL database running on Amazon EC2. The company wants this application to be highly available with low operational complexity.
Which architecture offers the HIGHEST availability? 
D. Use Amazon MQ with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones. Add an Auto Scaling group for the consumer EC2 instances across two Availability Zones. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled. 

112.A company hosts a containerized web application on a fleet of on-premises servers that process incoming requests. The number of requests is growing quickly. The on-premises servers cannot handle the increased number of requests. The company wants to move the application to AWS with minimum code changes and minimum development effort.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?
A. Use AWS Fargate on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run the containerized web application with Service Auto Scaling. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the incoming requests.

113.A company uses 50 TB of data for reporting. The company wants to move this data from on premises to AWS. A custom application in the company’s data center runs a weekly data transformation job. The company plans to pause the application until the data transfer is complete and needs to begin the transfer process as soon as possible.
The data center does not have any available network bandwidth for additional workloads. A solutions architect must transfer the data and must configure the transformation job to continue to run in the AWS Cloud.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
C. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Copy the data to the device. Create a custom transformation job by using AWS Glue.

114.A company has created an image analysis application in which users can upload photos and add photo frames to their images. The users upload images and metadata to indicate which photo frames they want to add to their images. The application uses a single Amazon EC2 instance and Amazon DynamoDB to store the metadata.
The application is becoming more popular, and the number of users is increasing. The company expects the number of concurrent users to vary significantly depending on the time of day and day of week. The company must ensure that the application can scale to meet the needs of the growing user base.
Which solution meats these requirements?
C. Use AWS Lambda to process the photos. Store the photos in Amazon S3. Retain DynamoDB to store the metadata.

115.A medical records company is hosting an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes customer data files that are stored on Amazon S3. The EC2 instances are hosted in public subnets. The EC2 instances access Amazon S3 over the internet, but they do not require any other network access.
A new requirement mandates that the network traffic for file transfers take a private route and not be sent over the internet.
Which change to the network architecture should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 
C. Move the EC2 instances to private subnets. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, and link the endpoint to the route table for the private subnets.

116.A company uses a popular content management system (CMS) for its corporate website. However, the required patching and maintenance are burdensome. The company is redesigning its website and wants anew solution. The website will be updated four times a year and does not need to have any dynamic content available. The solution must provide high scalability and enhanced security.
Which combination of changes will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.) 
A. Configure Amazon CloudFront in front of the website to use HTTPS functionality.
D. Create the new website and an Amazon S3 bucket. Deploy the website on the S3 bucket with static website hosting enabled.

117.A company stores its application logs in an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group. A new policy requires the company to store all application logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) in near-real time.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Configure the log group as the delivery streams sources. Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) as the delivery stream's destination. 

118.A company is building a web-based application running on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The web application will provide access to a repository of text documents totaling about 900 TB in size. The company anticipates that the web application will experience periods of high demand. A solutions architect must ensure that the storage component for the text documents can scale to meet the demand of the application at all times. The company is concerned about the overall cost of the solution.
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
D. Amazon S3

119.A global company is using Amazon API Gateway to design REST APIs for its loyalty club users in the us-east-1 Region and the ap-southeast-2 Region. A solutions architect must design a solution to protect these API Gateway managed REST APIs across multiple accounts from SQL injection and cross-site scripting attacks.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort? 
A. Set up AWS WAF in both Regions. Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage. 

120.A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the us-west-2 Region. Most of the company's users are located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the solution. The company launches and configures three EC2 instances in the eu-west-1 Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB.
Which solution can the company use to route traffic to all the EC2 instances? 
A. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the two NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Use the Route 53 record as the distribution’s origin. 
